In Name Today
I can't afford to gamble
After drinking the water, the rabbits had traces of toxins in their bodies
Same as in the patient
But no symptoms
increase in toxins
But it still can't reach the concentration in the patient's body
No symptoms
It seems that those people have been poisoned for a long time
Let's go back.
I wrote a prescription for this medicine first
He can slow down some diseases
To be completely cured
I need to research it later.
Who allowed you to live and die unwanted
Lord Tianyi, don't be angry
I'm just saving lives
In less than a quarter of an hour, you have to sit on the Australian Emperor
So soon you're sure it's symptomatic
How do you feel?
Ouch thank you doctor
It's gone.
It doesn't hurt anymore.
It doesn't hurt.